learning to fly this thing Morty really
you're gonna be free to go on all kinds
of errands for me cool see that planet
right there don't fly too close to that
planet someone will come out try to wash
your windshield
hold on yeah yeah I have it where do you
want to meet
all right cool all right Morty lessons
over we got some business to attend to
a few light minutes south of here oh you
still use south in space
Jesus Jerry what the hell are you doing here
what are you talking about we agree to
boys father should be present when he's
learning to drive I guess I remember
that wow and you've just been back there
this whole time amazing we don't have
time to take him to earth Morty we head
for three nine two four nine one seven
cool looks like I'm coming along for an
adventure
this is where we're going nope this is
you can park in a handicapped spot
Morty anything with less than eight limbs
is considered disabled here
well look at this fella aren't you
handsome thank you I'm Jerry oh I know
you are did you come here in a spaceship
I'm traveling with my son and father-in-law
wait are they coming oh they'll be back
soon what I know right
what the hell I know right Jerry Barry
you created a daycare for my dad you
kidding I wish I had this idea well I
did have this idea but I wish I was the
version of me that owned it that guy's
rich don't forget to check the reason
for your drop-off trust me Morty I've
heard stories from other ricks Jerry's
don't tend to last five minutes off of
earth this is a totally unregistered
cross-temporal asteroid here they can
romp and play with other Jerry's couldn't
be safer hey Morty hang on to this that
numbers your dad if you lose it we're
not gonna be able to get him back
okay wait here I want to come with don't
come with it's boring it's business
stuff kind of business do you do in a
garage you know this seems a little
shady right yeah like nothing shady ever
happened in a fully furnished office you
ever hear about Wall Street Morty you
know what those guys do in it in their
fancy boardrooms they take their balls
and they dip them in cocaine and wipe
them all over each other you know grandpa
goes around and he does his business in
public because grandpa isn't shady
now crap hey what's up hey Rick here you
go three thousand fluribos do you have
the weapon can we please this is my
grandson Morty hi Morty I'm crumbopolis
Michael I'm an assassin I buy guns from
your grandpa here go away
oh yeah this looks deadly so this
shoots anti-matter my target can't be
killed with regular matter nice to meet
you Morty listen if you ever need
anybody murdered please give me a call
I'm very discreet code of ethics I will
kill anyone anywhere children animals
old people doesn't matter I just love
killing you sell weapons to killers for
money
you've got with the intergalactic call
a very planetary mindset Morty it's
more complicated out here these are
fluribos do you understand what two
humans can accomplish with three thousand
of these oh what an entire afternoon at
blips and chips this place is the best
it's got beer games prizes you can never
tell what time it is sold a gun to a
murderer so you can play video games
yes sure I mean if you spend all day
shuffling words around you can make
anything sound bad Morty here check
this out
right what's wrong I had a nightmare I
was with an old man he put a helmet on
me it's just a fever get some sleep I
don't want you missing school on Monday
I want you kids to look around you today
and think about your future now is the
time in your life when anything is
possible I just think it's time to get
realistic have you talked to my father
about the carpet store Roy had we caught
it sooner well hindsight is 2020 Roy
which important is that we move quickly
I'm not ready to die you're not going to
hey thanks for the carpet Roy
hey Roy you pull those Persian off
white shacks the clearance sale
well what the hell whoa where am I
not bad Morty you kind of wasted your
30s though with that whole birdwatching
face where's my wife you're just playing
a game it's called Roy snap out of it
come on I'm Morty you're Rick hey you
sold a gun to a guy that kills people
look at this you beat cancer and then
you went back to work at the carpet
store boo don't dodge the issue Rick
selling a gun to a hitman is the same
as pulling the trigger it's also the
same as doing nothing if crumbopulates
Michael wants someone dead there's not a
lot anyone can do to stop him that's
why he does it for a living now excuse
me it's time to thrash your Roy score
you know you can stop this killing from
happening Rick you know you did a bad
thing selling that gun but you could
undo it if you wanted huh yeah that's
the difference between you and me
Morty I never go back to the carpet
store holy shit this guy's taking Roy
off the grid this guy doesn't have a social
security number for Roy hi I'm sorry I
think there was a misunderstanding I'm
an adult and would like to go home
please well of course right through that
tube unbelievable you're doing great I
know how to crawl in a tube
this is harder than it looks Marco Marco
come find me Marco you guys are enjoying
this don't you feel a little patronized
also Jerry come on this is ridiculous I
love you Jerry who wants to come watch
midnight run with directors commentary
on definitely the factory tint setting
is always too high setting is always
too high
oh boy here I go killing again
you have arrived at from my goal your
destination is below we're all out of
off-white Persian oh man what have I done
drop the gun this guy was gonna kill
someone I guess that makes tools
what are you doing Morty this is a
galactic Federation outpost look I don't
have time to tell you my entire back
story but grandpa and government don't
get along he saved my life what are you
crumbopulous Michaels target what's your
name my kind has no use for names I
communicate through what you call
Jessica's feet no telepathy oh good
job Morty you killed my best customer
but you saved a mind-reading fart I
like this name fart Morty would you
kindly release me by pulling that lever
to the left of my cell I'm in great
pain Morty don't do it Morty
you idiot crap let's get you out of here
we can't get him out of here he's gaseous
he's not gonna make it through a portal
Morty well then I guess we're all getting
in the car right no just just get in
the car 40 come on we want to go back
to Blitz and Chance I don't want to deal
with this you've been clear on the fact
that you don't want to help so just go
away more are coming screw this I'm out
get out of the vehicle made of garbage
or we will open fire
part-saving carpet store mother move
wait did you with my seat settings
more are coming
yeah yeah
your gildon converter is pretty dinged up
that's because my grandson drives like a
male o' bravadean yeah I said it some
stereotypes are based in fact actually
it's because of years of neglect you
really need to respect your gears Rick
to you they're just wheels with teeth but
in my culture wars have been fought so
I heard just fix it I don't think the
gromphomites can track us now but it
looks like we're gonna be here for a
while or you know if you still have that
gun came Michael dropped we could finish
the job and go home you do understand
I'm telepathic right I'm being polite
Rick we're taking him back where he
belongs oh yeah where's that are you
going on a quest to find he who smelt
it I came here accidentally through a
wormhole located in what you call get
out of my head fart I know you're in
here la la la la no in what you call
the Promethean nebula oh great just a
hop skip and an 800 light-ear jump you
know you can leave anytime you want Rick
whatever you want to do you little punk
ass little bitch thank you morty you are
not like other carbine based life forms
you put the value of all life above your
own it's how things should be it's how
they could be I could not agree more
the world can be one together cosmos
without hatred stars like diamonds in
your eyes
the ground can be space space space
with feet marching towards a peaceful
sky
all the moon men want things their way
but we make sure they see the sun
goodbye moon man
is like a bye moon man
goodbye
shut the f*** up about moon men this isn't
a musical number this is a f***ing
operation we gotta be cool and f*** play low
duck duck birdie this is very funny
here comes another funny
oh this place is great I almost wish I
could stay longer than one day you just
might well what do you mean these are
the jerry's whose ricks and morty's never
came back
they live here now
no gear turning as of yet in the curious
case of these unidentified humanoid
fugitives reportedly at large somewhere
within the gear system son of a why were
the gromp from my tolding you prisoner
what the f*** is so valuable about you I
am no more valuable than life itself
however I am able to alter the composition
of atoms like this
that was oxygen I added 71 protons to it
terrific the fart that pooped gold no
wonder every cop in the system is looking
for us any species that gets a hold of
this thing is going to use it to take
over the galaxy you know how inconvenient
that's going to be to my work
somebody dropped the time on us
carehead I'm sorry Rick the reward on
your head is too high and like you
always say you've got to look out for
number one number one is me asshole
you're supposed to be my friend friend
do you even know my real name it's
Revolio clockburg junior I belong to an
entire species of gear people calling
me gear head is like calling a chinese
person age of face not twig
two things I want to make clear to
everybody in this room never betray me
and it's time to go
nobody move
oh my god are those
so
hey remember when you said selling a gun
was as bad as pulling the trigger how
do you feel about all these people that
are getting killed today because of your
choices I did the right thing Rick tell
that to gear heads gear stickles you did
that wrong I'd be playing Roy right now
at a certain point my hands are tied
Morty
I can't believe Rick did this this is the
eighth to the last straw
ante up you know what screw it I have a
better gamble for you guys I say we
escape if you want to leave you can just
go out the front door you think we're
kept here against our will that would be
illegal but if you can leave then why
are you still here same reason as you
we're jerry's
I'm leaving okay then that was always
allowed
so
we'll
she's damn it Morty who taught you to
fly this thing I'm kidding I know that's
on me
I'm Rick
shit well I guess this is it Morty
cracked the window
I wonder why Greg is always so critical
of my girlfriend well he'd probably
like to have me do himself that's how
friends are or does he want her to
himself
the world can be one together cosmos
without hatred stars like diamonds in
your eyes my life is a joke
all right let's proceed damn can't
blame that on the dog talk about silent
but deadly I've seen some nerve gas but
that that this gas got nerve haha you
know what I'm saying are you done I'll
let you know Morty gone with the wind am
I right if you don't like that one morty
and all on that could be like if I said
gas a blank uh all right I'm done
let's get to the Promethean nebula so my
grandson can finish saving a life
um earth please
is this do I pay
oh
hey what I don't know what do you want
uh
hey are you the one that left
I get it it's a it's a asshole out there
right who needs that right right
who needs that who not us uh who are you
oh excuse me Paul Fleishman infinite
timelines and some of them Bethrey
Mary's jeez don't worry I treat Beth
very well and I do not overstep my
bounds with Morty every kid needs a dad
but there's no replacing you hey you
want to give us a hand with this we're
trying to figure out how to get the
sound coming through the stereo instead
of the tv I it's very difficult oh uh
well is there an aux input we tried that
but there's two different colors there's
two different colors
the wormhole is 70 of what you call meters
what you call north of what you call
here fine Morty take your fart to his
hole and say your goodbyes I'm gonna find
some fuel and take a big fat morty
that's my new word for shit because of
today's events
here it is this should take me back to my
kind I'm gonna miss you um fart I'm
really sorry your name became fart I
will be back soon Morty really after I
returned to the others with this
location we will be back for your
cleansing um cleansing carbon-based
life is a threat to all higher life to
us you are what you would call the
disease wherever we discover you we cure
it you said yourself that life must be
protected even through sacrifice you
haven't changed your mind about that I
can sense your thoughts
Morty um before you go could you sing a
could you sing for me again yes Morty
cosmos without hatred diamond stars of
cosmic light quays us shine through
endless night and everything is one in
the beauty and now we say goodbyes
Morty why why
goodbye so did you guys make out a
little bit so you're gonna send you a
postcard man that guy hit the lottery
when he crossed paths with you
Morty I know I picked on your core beliefs
and decision-making a lot today but I am
glad that you insist on getting that
fart home you know at least all the
death and destruction wasn't for nothing
you know you miss your fart friend huh
well I got a little surprise for you buddy
while you were gone I found a new worm
hole with millions of beings just like
him on the other side and they're all
coming to visit
what's Rick no you can't too late Morty
the hole's open there's no Rick you don't
understand
there's a there's a lot more where that
came from too
hey bro how many people was your morty
responsible for killing today none we
chilled at blitz and chits all day
ain't that right homie don't write bro
Roy rules must be nice hey morty
there's our Jerry
I missed you hey Rick glad you're safe Jerry
what do you say we go home I'd like that
hey wait uh do you have 5126 I'm not sure
Morty
uh that's a blitz and chits ticket what
way to go Morty whatever
uh wait what all right come on Jerry
uh
are you tired of the same daily droll
well get on over to blitz and chits we
got uh one game we got a whole bunch of
games here you can you got chavos and
flowbows and you can shoot things get
over here play the game use your
floorbows to get tickets
Roy too can't just not hear get over
here at gypsy chits it's the coolest
place in the world ha ha ha I get to be
in the commercial
did you get any of that it's a good a show